README.md, before:

# PruebaFrontendFinanzauto

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.10.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Readme.md
Se sube la especificación del proyecto

README.md, after:

# PruebaFrontendFinanzauto
El siguiente proyecto se realiza para la prueba de Desarrolladores Web (Frontend) especificada en el siguiente link:
https://www.promotec.com.co/devs/pruebadesarrollo.aspx

## Características
El proyecto consulta la información de una API que usa los principios REST (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)
El proyecto se realizo usando el patrón de diseño de carga diferida (Lazy Loading)


## Dependencias
A continuación se especifican las dependencias usadas en el proyecto:
- Angular CLI versión 14.2.10.
- Ng Bootstrap versión 13.1.1.
- Bootstrap versión 5.2.0
- Angular Fontawesome versión 0.11.0.

# Creado por:
Nicolás Viana Castro
niikov11@gmail.com


--
Proyecto para el registro de consulta y usuarios al un sistema de pruebas
Copyright (C) 2022 Nicolás Viana Castro

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>
